Registration To apply for and receive housing through us, you need to register and pay the queue fee. Your queue time is counted from the day we receive your first queue fee. When you register, you can choose to pay your queue fee with Autopay, Swish, bank card, or payment card. You have 60 days to pay the fee from the day you register. You can register in the housing queue here. Expression of interest Find a home and register your interest. Before you start looking for housing, you need to fill in some information about yourself and your housing situation. On My Pages you can easily see what information you need to provide. Search through all available homes and register your interest in the ones that suit you best. You can only register your interest in homes for which you meet the requirements. Your registration of interest will be sorted in order based on your queue time. You can register your interest in several properties at the same time. Keep in mind that the mediation process moves quickly and you need to stay updated on when you need to respond to us. Take the opportunity to upload the requested certificates on My Pages when you register your interest. You can also connect to our Digital Income Verification service for a smoother housing search process. Read more about Digital Income Verification here. To make it easier to find the right home, you can create an alert on My Pages. Once you have created an alert, we will inform you via email as soon as a home that matches your wishes appears. Viewing If you are among those with the longest waiting time, you will, if viewings are offered, be invited to a viewing of the home. Response Accept or decline the accommodation and upload your certificates. To accept a home, you need to have uploaded the required certificates on My Pages. You need to submit your response within one day after the viewing. In cases where no viewing was offered, or if you were given a digital viewing, you have two days to submit your response. If you answer yes If you have the longest waiting time of those who answered yes, we will contact you via the contact information you provided on My Pages. If you are number one for a home you have accepted, your other interest notifications will be removed. If you are first in line for several properties at the same time, we will contact you and you will then need to choose which property you want. Your other interest notifications will then be removed. If you cannot be reached or do not respond within the specified time frame, you will be removed from the current property. If you have accepted a home and then choose not to sign the rental contract, or if you have uploaded false certificates, you will be suspended from registering interest in homes for six months. If you answer no If you say no to a property after viewing, you will be removed from the mediation process. Saying no will not affect your waiting time or your other interest registrations. Control We check that you meet the landlord's requirements. We ensure that you meet the landlord's requirements by checking your details and uploaded documents and certificates. We also run a credit check on you and, if necessary, we may need to ask you to supplement your certificates. The time for inspection may vary depending on your place in the queue and the move-in date of the apartment. Contract We will contact the landlord and suggest you as a new tenant. Once we have verified that you meet the landlord's requirements, we will pass your details on to the landlord and propose you as a new tenant. The landlord will check your housing references and then make the final approval before inviting you to sign the rental agreement. Brokerage fee When you sign the rental contract, you need to pay a brokerage fee. When the landlord has notified us that the rental contract has been signed, you will need to pay a brokerage fee. You can choose to pay directly on Mina sidor or via payment card. The agency fee is SEK 800 for regular housing and SEK 500 for student housing. If you sign a fixed-term rental contract, you do not have to pay any agency fee.