How to apply - A complete guide Finding student accommodation can be a challenge, but with the right strategy and planning you can increase your chances of quickly getting a student apartment. Here's a step-by-step guide with our best tips for success! Create an account In order to apply for student accommodation with us, you must register. Once your account has been created, you can log in and register your interest in our available student apartments. Tip Have all the necessary information ready for a quick and smooth registration. Are you missing a Swedish social security number? No danger! Use your date of birth (year, month and day), and a temporary social security number will be created for you. Use an email address you check regularly as important updates are sent there. Choose your study location We offer student accommodation in several popular locations around Sweden Uppsala, Växjö, Linköping, Luleå, Jönköping, Malmö, Norrköping, Stockholm and Umeå. Choose the city closest to your university or college. Meet the requirements In order to rent a student accommodation, you need to be at least 18 years old. Study at least 15 credits per semester at university or college. Have an acceptable income (CSN, salary, or other funding). Be free of payment complaints and have good references. When writing a contract, you must be able to show an acceptance letter, registration certificate or study certificate. Read more in our rental policy for students. Register interest. Click on Register interest in the housing advertisement to apply. You can have up to 5 active expressions of interest at the same time. Tip Register interest in several objects to increase your chances. Stay on top of updates and respond quickly to offers. Monitor and respond to offers On My Pages you can see the status of your applications. When the registration period has expired, we process the applications and those who proceed receive an invitation to a viewing. Tip Check your email daily so you don't miss important messages. If you are offered student housing, respond quickly so you don't miss your chance! Have all certificates ready for quick processing. Available student housing right now! Shown now Uppsala - Flogsta Höghus Sernanders väg 11 - 632 SEK 4,311 per month Room 1 room and kitchenette studio Size 19 m² Available January 1, 2026 More information Shown now Växjö - Teleborg Stallvägen 17 SEK 6,406 month Room 1 room and kitchen 10 studio Size 23 m² Available January 1, 2026 More information Shown now Malmö - Kryddgården Thomsons väg 30 C SEK 5,593 month Room 1 room and kitchenette 10 stud YES Size 22 m² Available 1 February, 2026 More information See all available objects here! How to find student housing quickly - our best tips! Do you want to maximize your chances of getting a home with us? Here is our best advice 1. Register your interest early right after you receive your acceptance letter, so don't wait! 2. Have your documents ready Make sure you have your study certificate and other necessary information uploaded. 3. Stay updated Log in to My Pages and keep track of when new vacant objects are published. 4. Be flexible If possible, be open to different housing types and areas within your place of study. 5. Respond quickly If you receive an offer for viewing or housing, act immediately so you don't miss the chance. 6. Choose to subscribe to available student apartments that match your wishes and requirements. You can do that easily under your profile on My Pages. Frequently asked questions about applying for student accommodation How long do you have to queue for student accommodation? The queue time varies depending on location and demand. In some cities you can get housing quickly, while in others it may take longer. Can I apply for student accommodation before I have been accepted? Yes, but you need to present the admission notice or registration certificate when writing the contract. What about exchange students or international students? International students without a Swedish social security number can register by filling in their birth data, and a temporary social security number is created. what's happening if I decline an offer? You always have the chance to decline after viewing, but it is important that you go in and decline before the response time has expired. In general, if you decline or do not respond to five offers, you can be re-prioritized from the fifth no response for the next 12 months